Add procedures for incremental exports (#2071)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-a-content-view-version-incrementally-in-a-syncable-format.adoc

[id="Exporting_a_Content_View_Version_Incrementally_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]
= Exporting a Content View Version Incrementally in a Syncable Format

Exporting complete Content View versions can be a very costly operation in terms of system resources.
ifdef::orcharhino[]
The size of the exported Content View versions depends on the number of products.
endif::[]
Content View versions that have multiple {RHEL} trees can occupy several gigabytes of space on {ProjectServer}.

> In such cases, you can use *Incremental Export* to export only pieces of content that changed since the previous export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases, you can use *Incremental Export* to export only pieces of content that got changed since the previous export.
```

Author: I think it's probably best to leave as is so it doesn't sound past tense with `got`.

Incremental exports typically result in smaller archive files than the full exports.

The example below targets the version `2.0` for export because the version `1.0` was exported previously.

.Procedure
. Create an incremental export:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export incremental version \

> --content-view="_Content_View_Name_" \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--content-view="_My_Content_View_Name_" \
```

--organization="_My_Organization_" \

> --version=2.0 --format=syncable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--version=2.0 \
--format=syncable
```

----
. Optional: View the exported Content View:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----

> # find /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/2.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/ -name "*.{pkg_ext}"----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# find /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/2.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/ -name "*.{pkg_ext}"
----
```

this suggestions hopefully fixes the broken build.

> [id="Exporting_Version_Incrementally_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="Exporting_a_Content_View_Version_Incrementally_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]
```

= Exporting a Content View Version Incrementally in a Syncable Format

Exporting complete Content View versions can be a very costly operation in terms of system resources.
ifdef::orcharhino[]
The size of the exported Content View versions depends on the number of products.
endif::[]
Content View versions that have multiple {RHEL} trees can occupy several gigabytes of space on {ProjectServer}.

> In such cases, you can use *Incremental Export* to export only pieces of content that changed since the previous export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In such cases, you can create an incremental export which contains only pieces of content that changed since the previous export.
```

I am unsure if my suggestion is a good idea; but the highlighting for `*Incremental Export*` is not a button in the Web UI.

Incremental exports typically result in smaller archive files than the full exports.

The example below targets the version `2.0` for export, because the version `1.0` was exported previously.

.Procedure
. Create an incremental export:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export incremental version \

> --content-view="_Content_View_Name_" \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--content-view="_My_Content_View_Name_" \
```

--organization="_My_Organization_" \

> --version=2.0 --format=syncable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--version=2.0 \
--format=syncable
```

----
. Optional: View the exported Content View:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----

> # cd /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/3.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# cd /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/2.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/
```
above we exported `--version=2.0`

> # cd /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/2.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/
> # find . -name *.rpm
> ./content/dist/layered/rhel8/x86_64/ansible/2/os/Packages/s/sshpass-1.06-3.el8ae.x86_64.rpm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# find /var/lib/pulp/exports/Default_Organization/view/2.0/2023-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/ -name "*.{pkg_ext}"
```
